NAME: WANAUME KATIKA KRISTO KKKT-DMP KITUNDA RELINI
        Spirit of Worship in the MenFolk

TITLE: MEN IN CHRIST
Left : Logo ya Dayosisi
Right: Logo ya kikundi

Address: CONTACT US 
 KKKT DMP KITUNDA RELINI PARISH
 P.O BOX 12164
 DAR ES SALAAM - TANZANIA

WHO MEN IN CHRIST ARE: WHO ARE WE
This is a group of male members of the church aged from 18(eighteen) years and above, two years two years lower than the limit underlined by the Man of God - Moses in his fourth Book in the Bible (Numbers 1:2-4; "Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel,after their polls;from twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel; thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies. And with you there shall be a man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers.")

Traditionally, the establishment of Lutheran Church does not have provision for " Umoja wa Wanaume" group in its ranks.Now, due to the prevailing environment of changed lifestyles as prompted by globalization whose effects seem to be driving away even the family values, the menfolks of Kitunda Relini Parish decided to establish this group with a primary purpose of re-iguiting the spirit of worship in their hearts as well as instilling in their minds a sense of responsiblity towards
parish matters of development.

Presently, the group has 347, and it will grow with years as annually new members come in after confirmation.

The group was formed in September, 2018.


PURPOSE   ABOUT US
The primary purpose of establishing the men's group is to bring the men together with the aim of resuscitating their spiritual life so that they start re-living God's purpose  of their creation.

MISSION
> To bring men closer and thus establish a platform on which all onboard can get to know one another better, network and explore the common ground jointly(Psalms 133, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell`together in unity! It is like the precious ointment upon the head that ran down to the skirts of his beard,even Aaron's beard:that went down to the skirts of hisgarments;As the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion:For there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore.")

> To link up in solidarity with other brethren brothers, worldwide who are crusading for resuscitatio of the worshipping spirit in men; unity is strenght!! (Acts 4:32, "And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought offf the things which he possessed was his own;but they had all things common.")

> To rekindle the spirit of worship in the men folk and to send them on evangelical mission to the youngsters on the street many of who are starved for God's word of salvation and that who already have their habits perveted.

>To advise the Parish Council on issues related to the wellbeing of the Parish, both in terms of evangelism as well as its general administration.

LEADERSHIP OUR TEAM
According to the Church-Groups' organization guidelines; leaders are elected for a tenure of four(4) years, and they can be re-elected for the second and last term.
Thus the current leaders;
  1.Mr. Stevens Mlimbilah   : Chairman 
                              +255 715 629 632

 II. Eng.Dickson Mmbando    : Deputy I Chairman
                              +255 714 537 423

III. Mr. Bernard A. Sepetu  : Secretary
                              +255 713 307 169

IV.  Advocate A. Semu       : Deputy Secretary
                              +255 658 605 805

V.  Mr.Richard Somi         : Treasurer
                              +255 754 649 562

VI. Mr. Godfrey John        : Deputy Treasurer
                              +255 713 068 757

Group Counselors:
I. Mr. John Lemomo          : +255 784 208 622
 
II. Mr.Tumaini Wilfred      : +255 713 215 466

III. Dr. Godfrey Justo      : +255 767 298 710

IV.  Dr.Rweyemamu           : +255 787 941 606


GROUP EVENTS, ACHIEVEMENTS
a.Formed a "WANAUME" men's choir which was launched on 09.12.2018. The choir is singing hymns of praise and worship to glorify God and cleanse brethren's souls.This choir is getting bigger and stronger day after day as more and more new members join in apart from gracinf the Mass at the home Parish,it is reaching out to assemblies-in-Christ on the street(evangelical mission) as well as touring other houses of worship to spread the Word of God through singing.

b. The group assembled kids who are attending pre-confirmation class and assigned a music instructor to teach them how to blow trumpets with a view to constituing a TRUMPETS CHOIR that will be glorifying God with a melodious tunes.

c. UWW hold one special-word seminar every three months (four seminars in a year) with emphasis being to get Men to gasp the word of God abundantly.

d. UWW are organizing an "evangelism-though-sport" program that aims at enticing youths(young men) from the streets to convert to Christianity and thus make them to be born again. Soccer is a powerful and appropriate tool as it commands obsession in youngsters.Thus, holding soccer bonanzas will always reap good yields.


FUTURE PLANS
A. To make evangelical tours of prisons holding male in mates and to preach them Gospel so that when they walk out of prison they go on to live a purified life.

B. To render spiritual and material support to the forgotten and aged members of society who are so frustrated that their salvation is only in Jesus'love.
